Add task: Incrementing ASG box count (#188)
ONSdigital/dp: guides/tasks/INC_ASG_BOXES.md

> ## Adjusting the number of ASG boxes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Adjusting the size of an ASG
```

Reviewer: I don't like the filename - `INC` is an unnecessary abbreviation,
how about `RESIZING_AN_ASG.md` ?

Author: adjusted as per discussion elsewhere

> For example, in the publishing group:

Author: Done

```shell
cd dp-setup/terraform/publishing

> gpg -d develop.tfvars.asc >develop.tfvars

Reviewer: ```suggestion
gpg -d develop.tfvars.asc -o develop.tfvars
```

Author: Done

```

Create a feature branch.

Look in file **`develop.tfvars`** at: **`asg_max_size`** and **`asg_min_size`** and increase those values by **`1`** (NOTE: they should both be the same value)

Encrypt the changed file: **`develop.tfvars`**, with:

```shell

> gpg -ear develop ./develop.tfvars

Reviewer: ```suggestion
gpg -ear ons-develop develop.tfvars
```

Author: Done

```

> Push the changed file (**`develop.tfvars.asc`**), do a PR, get it approved.

Author: note added

Apply the following commands:

> (NOTE: The first init bellow may throw out some problems, so cd into appropriate directories and attend to any needed terraform init's / apply's ...)

Author: Done

```shell
terraform init
terraform workspace list
terraform workspace select develop
terraform plan -var-file=develop.tfvars
terraform apply -var-file=develop.tfvars
```

> This may involve cd'ing into dp-ci/terraform/s3 where the the **`plan`** and **`apply`** commands would be:

Reviewer 2: dp-ci/terraform/s3 => `dp-ci/terraform/s3` for consistency perhaps?

Author: Done.

```shell
terraform plan -var-file=terraform.tfvars

> terraform apply -var-file=terraform.tfvars

Reviewer: we did not `apply`, it was sufficient to just `plan`

Author: Line 38 removed and text line above fixed

```

> Then we run the **`ansible`** scripts for publishing on develop to setup the new ASG box, using the IP address of the new box. The first ansible line below for the new BOX with the --check flag may throw up an error for some Docker thing, which is not relevant for a new BOX, so the second ansible line can be run straight away:

Reviewer 2: Like the above comment, worth changing --check => `--check` for consistency?

Author: Done

> Then we run the **`ansible`** scripts for publishing on develop to setup the new ASG box, using the IP address of the new box. The first ansible line below for the new BOX with the --check flag may throw up an error for some Docker thing, which is not relevant for a new BOX, so the second ansible line can be run straight away:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then run the ansible `publishing` playbook on `develop` to setup the new ASG box, using the IP address of the new box. The first ansible line below for the new box with the `--check` flag may throw up an error for the Docker install, which is typical for a new box, so the second ansible line can be run straight away:
```

Author: Done

```shell

> cd dp-setup/ansibe

Reviewer 2: typo with ansibe => ansible

Author: Done
